hey guys it's Luke with some tips on how
to get more food on your burrito without
adding more price here we go so step 1
get a bowl with the tortilla on the side
the bowl can hold more food so the
employees want to hold back step 2 is to
ask for extras on everything besides
guacamole and steak because they cost
more on the pad extra the other ones
don't one way of getting more meat is
asking for half-and-half instead of just
getting one scoop of steak you can get a
full scoop of steak with chicken more
meat is always better ask for extra rice
both feeds extra tomatoes extra corn
each cheese you can do it all over you
want just get most of everything most
times and do it more step 3 is to get
liquid extras on the side you do not
preserve well inside the bowl and they
do not distribute well in the burrito so
it's best to put them on the side from
mixing later now it's time for assembly
take out your tortilla first because it
gets hard if you don't use it and it
makes it much more difficult to wrap
later
next take your liquidy substances such
as sour cream and guacamole and spread
it around the tortilla this will give
you a nice even distribution to every
single bite
to much of anything I'm good for you
baby
but
I don't know about that then take half
of your bowl and pour it into the
burrito mix it up a little bit to get
some nice distribution and then it's
time to roll that burrito I don't know
how to fold a burrito properly but look
at what I did
now it's choices time you can either eat
the burrito and save the bowl for later
or eat the bowl and eat save the bird
over later
burritos usually keep better in the
fridge because the sour cream layer we
just added protects the moisture from
escaping making it nice and soft when
you eat it later but the bowl dries out
in the fridge so it's not as tasty later
enjoy your to portion sizes at Chipotle
it's delicious